Based on your screenshots, especially image_4d444e.jpg, you are absolutely right: The drop-down menu is redundant.

You have a row of nice "Pill Buttons" (Restaurants, Cafes, Bars...) right below it. Having both is confusing. It forces the user to think, "Do I click the menu or the button?"

Here is the plan to fix the UI and improve the functionality.

1. Fix: Remove the Drop-Down ("The Redundant Thing")
The Problem: The drop-down says "Restaurants" and the button says "Restaurants."

The Fix: Delete the drop-down entirely.

The Replacement: Rely 100% on the Horizontal Scrollable Bar (the pill buttons). This is the standard UX pattern used by Instagram, Airbnb, and Google Maps. It’s cleaner and works better on mobile.

2. Improve: The "Filters" Look
Currently, your filter buttons look a bit plain (white pills on white background).

Premium Tweak: Add a subtle "Sticky" effect. When the user scrolls down the list, the filter bar should stick to the top so they can always change categories without scrolling back up.

Visual Pop: Make the active category (e.g., "Restaurants") darker or colored so it's obvious what is selected.

3. Critique: The TripAdvisor Button on Cards
In image_4d444e.jpg, every single card has a big green "Show TripAdvisor Rating" button.

Opinion: It’s a bit "noisy." It repeats too much.

Better Approach: On the list view, just show a small generic star rating (or nothing) and keep the big TripAdvisor interaction for the Details Modal only. This makes the list cleaner.

Replit Prompt to Fix the UI
Copy and paste this into Replit. This will remove the drop-down and make the filter bar modern and scrollable.

Copy and paste this into Replit:

UI Cleanup and UX Improvement:

Remove Redundant Drop-down:

Delete the HTML <select> element used for category filtering (the drop-down above the buttons).

We will rely entirely on the filter buttons (pills) below it.

Modernize Filter Bar:

Ensure the container for the filter buttons (.filter-options or similar) is a Horizontal Scroll Container.

CSS:

CSS

.filter-scroll-container {
    display: flex;
    overflow-x: auto;
    gap: 12px;
    padding: 10px 0;
    white-space: nowrap;
    -webkit-overflow-scrolling: touch; /* Smooth scroll on mobile */
    scrollbar-width: none; /* Hide scrollbar Firefox */
}
.filter-scroll-container::-webkit-scrollbar {
    display: none; /* Hide scrollbar Chrome/Safari */
}
Active State: Ensure the button for the currently selected category has a distinct style (e.g., Black background, White text) so the user knows where they are.

List View Cleanup:

On the main restaurant list cards (.restaurant-card), make the "Show TripAdvisor Rating" button smaller or less dominant (e.g., an outline button or just a text link), so the images remain the focus.

About the Map Color (Still Grey?)
Looking at image_3ec40c.jpg, your map is still very grey. The code I gave you before ("Soft Premium") might not have overridden a global setting.

If the map is still grey after you run the prompt above, check your style.css. Look for something like this:

CSS

img { filter: grayscale(100%); }
Or check if you have a saturation: -100 hidden somewhere else in your JS. The water should be blue by now!